Luca Matsumoto CS35L Fall 2017

1. Use the command man -k keyword where the keyword is the word you would like
to search. By typing the command man man, we see a manual page of the man
command. Scrolling down, we see that man -k prints all commands with the
specific keyword.

2. Cp is located in /usr/bin/cp and wc is located in /usr/bin/cp. We can use the
which command to see where programs are located in the file systems.

3. There are four single character commands:

':' -  No effect; the command does nothing beyond  expanding  arguments and
performing any specified redirections. A zero exit code is returned. 
'.' - Read and execute commands from filename in the current shell environment. 
'w' - Displays information about the users currently on the machine, and their
processes. The header shows, in this order,  the  current  time, how  long  the
system  has  been running, how many users are currently logged on, and the
system load averages for the past 1, 5, and 15  minutes. 
'[' - Evaluates a conditional expression

These one character commands were found by running the command find /usr/bin
-name "?", giving a list of all of the one character commands. /usr/bin/X was an
option, but after running the command man X, no entries were found. All of the
descriptions are taken from running man on the command name found.

4. First, we used the command cd /usr/bin to change the directory. We then
search the folder to see anything containing the word "emacs" by using the
command ls -l | grep emacs. We see that the symbolic link /usr/bin/emacs
actually executes the file /etc/alternatives/emacs

5. Because g stands for groups in /users/groups, g+s changes the access
permissions that other users in the file group have and also sets the user or
group ID on execution. The letter O stands for other, meaning that o-x removes
the executable permission for others on the specified file

6. Looking at the man pages of the find command, we see that the option -ctime
evaluates the the difference between the time of last change of file status
information and the time find was started is exactly n units. Here, n is the
number of days where the unit of time is n*24 hours. Therefore, in order to find
files modified in the last three weeks, we run the command find -ctime -21

7. Find / type -d -ctime -21 command finds all of the files that were opened or
modified within the last three weeks (21 days)

8. Using the which find command, we find the directory at which find is located.
(/usr/bin/find) Using the command, find /usr/bin -type l | wc -l, we are
given the number of symbolic links in the same directory as find, which is 293,
on lnxsrv09. 

9. By looking at the man pages for the ls command, we see tha the option -t
sorts by the time modified so we can use the command ls -lt in the /usr/lib
directory (change by using cd /usr/lib) and then pipeline it with the grep ^-
command (regular expressions) since the file must begin with a - to get a list
of regular files in the directory. The oldest regular file in that directory is
-rwxr-xr-x   1 root root   18692 Jan 26  2014 libgpg-error.so.0.10.0 
Command: ls -lt | grep '^-' 
(libgpg-error.so.0.10)

10. By looking at the man pages for locale, (command: man locale), we see under
the "standards" section that the locale utility gets its data from IEEE Std
1003.1-2001 (``POSIX.1'').

11.  
Command: C-h a sort, C-x o to switch to apropos 

1) Buffer-menu sort
2) sort-columns
3) sort-fields
4) sort-lines
5) sort-numeric-fields
6) sort-pages
7) sort-paragraphs
8) sort-regexp-fields
9) tabulated-list-col-sort
10) tabulated-list-sort



12.
C-M-a: Move to beginning of the current or preceding defun (beginning-of-defun) 
C-M-b: Move backward over a balanced expression (backward-sexp) 
C-M-c: Exit the recursive edit (exit-recursive-edit) 
C-M-d: Move forward down one level of parentheses (down-list) 
C-M-e: Move to the end of current or following defun (end-of-defun) 
C-M-f: Move forward over a balanced expression (backward-sexp)
C-M-g: Does not exist 
C-M-h: Put region around whole current or following defun (mark-defun)

13. C-g runs the command keyboard quit - this is lisp function that cancels the
current command (abort)

14. The command yank is bounded to C-y and pastes the last stretch of killed
text.  Found using command C-h f yank

15.  Controls for dired (emacs): C-x C-f /usr/bin  Controls for ls -l: cd
/usr/bin and ls -l

Differences: Using a comparison tool, I realized that the only difference
between dired and ls -l is that ls -l does not include the parent and current
directories in the list but dired does. 





